# MOVEHOME Scenario
MOVEHOME is a group of independent estate agents in the UK, which operates as a single online portal for marketing / advertising properties for sale and renting. Its basic role is to bring owners/landlords and prospective buyers & tenants together.
Customers of MOVEHOME could be landlords, prospective buyers and tenants. Landlords register their properties for sale or renting at individual estate agents. When a customer wishes to view a property, their details are sent to the concerned estate agent, who arranges the viewing with the landlords. It is the job of the particular local branch of the concerned estate agent to communicate with the landlord and prospective buyers or tenant to confirm the viewing.
For each estate agent, the system knows their branch offices, staff at the branches, and which properties are marketed by each estate agent/local branch. The system records data about properties sold and rented out. Details of an estate agent includes name, headquarter, registered address, website, and contact details. For staff of an estate agent, the system needs to hold their id, name, address, contact as well as personal details. Each branch is given a unique code, and the system needs to know its address, contact details, and manager.
When a customer registers to MOVEHOME, the system allocates a unique code, and records their name, address, date of birth, gender, and contact details. When a property is taken up for marketing, the system allocates a unique id, and records its address, location, description, accommodation details (sizes and descriptions of rooms, etc), rental demand or asking price, type, number of rooms, etc.
When a view or visit is arranged for a property to be sold or rented out, the system records information about the customer will be viewing the property, the date and time of the view and what comments the customer made during or after the visit. For a property sale transaction by MOVEHOME, system records information about the customer who bought the property, and selling price, stamp duty and commission paid. Similarly, for a property rent transaction, the system records information about the property rented, rent per month, advance paid, commission, who is landlord and tenant, date tenancy commenced, date tenancy finished.
